examples/README.md, before:

# Exemple d'utilisation d'Extract Comments

Ce dossier contient un exemple de projet pour démontrer les fonctionnalités d'`extract_comments.py`.

## Structure du projet

- `app.py` : Application Python fictive
- `script.js` : JavaScript avec diverses annotations
- `styles.css` : Fichier CSS pour le style
- `index.html` : Page HTML simple

## Types d'annotations présents

- TODO
- FIXME
- BUG
- HACK
- NOTE
- OPTIMIZE
- REVIEW
- QUESTION
- IDEA

## Comment exécuter l'extraction sur cet exemple

Pour analyser uniquement ce répertoire d'exemples, exécutez la commande:

```bash
cd ..
python3 extract_comments.py --directory ./examples --output ./examples/rapport.md --json-output ./examples/rapport.json --simple
```

Ou

```bash
chmod +x extract_comments.py
./extract_comments.py --directory ./examples --output ./examples/rapport.md --json-output ./examples/rapport.json --simple
```

Ou

```bash
chmod +x run_example.sh
./run_example.sh
```

Cela générera:

- `./examples/rapport.md` - Rapport simplifié
- `./examples/rapport_detailed.md` - Rapport détaillé
- `./examples/rapport.json` - Données au format JSON

Commit message:

Refactor annotations report and related components for English localization
- Translated annotations report from French to English, including section headers and comments.
- Updated styles.css to reflect English translations for comments and annotations.
- Modified core.py to change comment type descriptions to English.
- Adjusted report.py to generate reports in English, including summary and statistics sections.
- Revised utils.py to ensure priority labels and due date formats are in English.
- Updated test_core.py to reflect changes in comment text and expected outputs in English.

examples/README.md, after:

# Example usage of Extract Comments

This folder contains a sample project to demonstrate the features of `extract_comments.py`.

## Project structure

- `app.py`: Sample Python application
- `script.js`: JavaScript file with various annotations
- `styles.css`: CSS file for styling
- `index.html`: Simple HTML page

## Annotation types present

- TODO
- FIXME
- BUG
- HACK
- NOTE
- OPTIMIZE
- REVIEW
- QUESTION
- IDEA

## How to run extraction on this example

To analyze only this example directory, run the following command:

```bash
cd ..
python3 extract_comments.py --directory ./examples --output ./examples/rapport.md --json-output ./examples/rapport.json --simple
```

Or

```bash
chmod +x extract_comments.py
./extract_comments.py --directory ./examples --output ./examples/rapport.md --json-output ./examples/rapport.json --simple
```

Or

```bash
chmod +x run_example.sh
./run_example.sh
```

This will generate:

- `./examples/rapport.md` - Simplified report
- `./examples/rapport_detailed.md` - Detailed report
- `./examples/rapport.json` - Data in JSON format
